README.md, before:

# o-utils [![MIT licensed](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](#licence)

Origami JS helpers.

- [JavaScript](#javascript)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Contact](#contact)
- [Licence](#licence)

## JavaScript

```JS
	import * as Utils from 'o-utils';
	const myFunction = () => {};
	Utils.throttle(myFunction, 100);
	Utils.debounce(myFunction, 100)
```

For more detailed explanation, refer to our [JSDoc](http://codedocs.webservices.ft.com/v1/jsdoc/o-utils)


## Contributing

This module is suitable for helper functions that need to be used commonly in other modules like throttle and debounce. These **must** be kept to a minimum.


---

## Contact

If you have any questions or comments about this component, or need help using it, please either [raise an issue](https://github.com/Financial-Times/o-utils/issues), visit [#origami-support](https://financialtimes.slack.com/messages/origami-support/) or email [Origami Support](mailto:origami-support@ft.com).

---

## Licence

This software is published by the Financial Times under the [MIT licence](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Add general usage to readme (#40)
Links to instructions on how to include Origami components. https://github.com/Financial-Times/origami/issues/59

README.md, after:

# o-utils [![MIT licensed](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](#licence)

Origami JS helpers.

- [Usage](#usage)
- [JavaScript](#javascript)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Contact](#contact)
- [Licence](#licence)

## Usage

Check out [how to include Origami components in your project](https://origami.ft.com/docs/components/#including-origami-components-in-your-project) to get started with `o-utils`.

## JavaScript

```JS
	import * as Utils from 'o-utils';
	const myFunction = () => {};
	Utils.throttle(myFunction, 100);
	Utils.debounce(myFunction, 100)
```

For more detailed explanation, refer to our [JSDoc](http://codedocs.webservices.ft.com/v1/jsdoc/o-utils)


## Contributing

This module is suitable for helper functions that need to be used commonly in other modules like throttle and debounce. These **must** be kept to a minimum.


---

## Contact

If you have any questions or comments about this component, or need help using it, please either [raise an issue](https://github.com/Financial-Times/o-utils/issues), visit [#origami-support](https://financialtimes.slack.com/messages/origami-support/) or email [Origami Support](mailto:origami-support@ft.com).

---

## Licence

This software is published by the Financial Times under the [MIT licence](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
